Chart: Update axis ticks topics (#7654)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChart/1 Configuration/commonAxisSettings/minorTick/minorTick.md

Configures the appearance of minor axis ticks.

---

> In addition to [major ticks](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration/commonAxisSettings/tick '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/tick/'), DevExtreme Chart can display minor ticks. The component places minor ticks between major ticks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to [major ticks](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration/commonAxisSettings/tick '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/tick/'), the DevExtreme Chart can display minor ticks. This component places minor ticks between major ticks.
```

        </dxo-common-axis-settings>
    </dx-chart>

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxChart ... >
            <DxCommonAxisSettings>
                <DxMinorTick
                    :visible="true"
                    color="blue"
                    :length="10"
                    :opacity="0.5"
                    :shift="0"
                    :width="1"
                />
            </DxCommonAxisSettings>
        </DxChart>
    </template>

    <script setup lang="ts">
    import { DxChart, DxCommonAxisSettings, DxMinorTick } from 'devextreme-vue/chart';

    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    import { Chart, CommonAxisSettings, MinorTick } from 'devextreme-react/chart';

    function App() {
        return (
            <Chart ... >
                <CommonAxisSettings>
                    <MinorTick
                        visible={true}
                        color="blue"
                        length={10}
                        opacity={0.5}
                        shift={0}
                        width={1}
                    />
                </CommonAxisSettings>
            </Chart>
        )
    }

---

> The **commonAxisSettings**.[minorTick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration/commonAxisSettings/minorTick '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/minorTick/') object specifies common settings for all minor ticks in the chart. To configure only those minor ticks that belong to a particular axis, use the following objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **commonAxisSettings**.[minorTick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/1%20Configuration/commonAxisSettings/minorTick '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/commonAxisSettings/minorTick/') object specifies common settings for all minor ticks in a chart. To configure only those minor ticks that belong to an axis you specify, use the following objects.
```
